verified tests for Application_foreground features (#202)
carissalow/rapids: docs/developers/test-cases.md

- Two episodes locate in the same daily segment (`Fri 11:57:56.385` and `Fri 12:02:56.385`)
- One episode before the time switch (`Sun 00:07:48.001`) and one episode after the time switch (`Sun 05:10:30.001`)
- Two custom category (`Dating`) episode, one at `Fri 06:05:10.385`, another one at ` Fri 11:53:00.385`

> - One appliction (`Pokémon GO`) episode at  `Mon 21:29:46.001`.

Reviewer: Hi @liqingy5, could we please fix this typo and specify that this case is to test an application with a special character in its name? E.g., something like:

 ```suggestion
- One episode for an application containing a special character (`Pokémon GO`) at `Mon 21:29:46.001`
```  

Otherwise, everything looks good to me! Thanks so much for working on this!
